Convert to rem units (#117)
amelioro/ameliorate: web/docs/sizing.md

> ##### Table of Contents

Author: Great idea, i added an anchor to direct users to the document via click

[Introduction](#Introduction)  
[8pt grid system](#8pt-grid-system)  
[Pixels and Accessibility](#pixels-and-accessibility)

## Introduction

> Documentation for sharing UX/UI design decisions for the ameliorate project.

Author: I agree, good name

# 8pt grid system

> The 8pt Grid principle states that multiples of 8 (8, 16, 24, 32, 40, 48, 56, etc.) are used for the layout, dimension, pad, and margin of elements.

Reviewer: A lot of this is taken directly from the first article. I think we should mention the article first, and mention that we're just summarizing. Also, I think we can summarize the `How to use it` even further
```suggestion
These two blog posts offer reasons for sticking to sizes in multiples of 8 - check them out, but the points that seem most relevant are summarized in the below sections.

### How to use it

- Generally try to use px's that are multiples of 8 (e.g. 8, 16, 24, ...). For the case of rems, these will be multiples of 0.5.
- Font size is an exception, use what looks nice.
- For narrow spacings (padding, margin, line height), multiples of 4 can also work.
- Treat this as a default, but if something looks better without meeting the guideline, just go with that.

### Why?
[I think this section is good as is]
```

## How to use it

- Margin or Padding: 8px / 16px / 24px / 32px / 40px / 48px / 56px / ... / N\*8px
- Iconography
  - SVG: multiples of 8 ( 16×16, 24×24, 32×32, 40x40, ..., N\*(8x8) )
- Typography
  - font size: can vary between device.
  - line height:
    - multiples of 8 ( 8, 16, 24, 32, 40, 48, ..., N\*8 )
    - multiples of 4 ( 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, …, N\*4 )
- !important treat this as a strong suggestion, flexibility is key.

## Why?

- It provides a visual hierarchy to elements and drives consistent scalability with fewer decisions.
- Helps maintain a consistent feel across the website.
- Helps designers and developers work faster on a project.
- Various device screen sizes are multiples of 8.
- Helps build responsive websites for various devices.

Sources:

- [Everything you should know about 8 point grid system in UX design](https://uxplanet.org/everything-you-should-know-about-8-point-grid-system-in-ux-design-b69cb945b18d?gi=d321e6edb7fd)

> - [What Is 8 Point Grid System In UX Design](https://fronty.com/what-is-8-point-grid-system-in-ux-design/)

Author: i thought it was a quick summarization so i added it, in hindsight we are already summarizing it. ill remove it.

- [The 8-Point Grid](https://spec.fm/specifics/8-pt-grid)

> # Pixels and Accessibility

Reviewer: I think we should do the same thing as above - mention the source first, and say here is a summary of what seems most relevant

> # Pixels and Accessibility
> 
> ## How to use it
> 
> - Use `rem` scales with the user's default browser font size.
> - If converting it to `rem` adds visual clarity or functionality, do it. Otherwise keep it fixed.
> - If you are unsure, test it. Change the defaults: [Chrome](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/increase-default-text-size-in-microsoft-edge-c62f80af-381d-0716-25a3-c4856dd3806c), [FireFox](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/change-fonts-and-colors-websites-use), [Safari](https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT207209), [Edge](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/increase-default-text-size-in-microsoft-edge-c62f80af-381d-0716-25a3-c4856dd3806c).
> - There is no cookie cutter method, it will take some intuition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Pixels and Accessibility

Using `rem` scales sizes with the user's default browser font size. [mention that we're summarizing from the source]

## How to use it

- Generally: use `px` for aesthetics, use `rem` for visual clarity or functionality.
- There is no cookie cutter method to "correctly" pick between them, just try your best.
- It can help to test what the sizing looks like at different default font sizes. Change the defaults: [Chrome](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/increase-default-text-size-in-microsoft-edge-c62f80af-381d-0716-25a3-c4856dd3806c), [FireFox](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/change-fonts-and-colors-websites-use), [Safari](https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT207209), [Edge](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/increase-default-text-size-in-microsoft-edge-c62f80af-381d-0716-25a3-c4856dd3806c).
```
